# test-task
Just a short test task

This program was created as test task for position of JavaScript Game Developer (Technical requiremants is in project folder too).

It's simple web-application in which you could add different geometry shapes by click on drawing area. Just tap on selected area and get random shape of random color. 

There are seven types of geometry shapes: triangle, square (rectangle), pentagon, hexagon, circle, ellipse and random shape generated by using quadratic Bezier curves drawing function. 

You could adjust program behavior using 4 buttons: 2 button (+, -) increase and decrease number of shapes appeared on the screen in each second and other 2 buttons (+, - also) increase and decrease velocity of the shapes movement(shapes move down to the bottom boundary of drawing area as if they were under the influence of gravitation force). 

If the user clicks the mouse button on any of the already traced figs, then all the figures of this type change color.

On the top of screen there are two areas that informing the user about current program state: one of them displays number of shapes presented on the drawing area and the another displays total area occuped by visible shapes (it's important to be said, that for purpose of perfomance the random shape area is equal to the area of the inscribed circle; the areas of the partially visible shapes is not recalculated also).

After the shape has gone, it is placed to the cache. The size of the cache is limited and, in case of its overflow, the object representing the shape is completely removed. When the user interacts with the program (click of mouse buttom or the appearance of the figure after timer expires), the shape is first randomly selected from the cache, and in case if cache is empty, a new shape is created. 


Technologies and libs used in development process:
    - PIXI.js (for rendering everything that happens (except for what can be do with html));
    - Webpack (sorry, but various optimization (like separated bundle for vendors libraries) is not done at present moment. Will be fixed at the neares time).
    - gl-matrix (for decomposing polygons into triangles, etc.).
   

Also, it's worth noting, that the JSDoc comments have been used more to improve Intellisense support in the Visual Studio Code (the same as the d.ts file), and therefore most likely do not conform to the documentation standards with JSDoc.

If you want to improve or refine application just simply clone this repository and made npm -install command in the command line

